all right here we go round two pink is
sick Sam's with a pretty cool hands and
yellow is I'm assuming rock monarchs but
we don't know we don't know formula
frogs oh you did hear Gen X and dynasty
500 what is it 12 thousand all right I'm
a snob okay something sorta like creepy
come on can you really buy 10 promised
Jules I don't you come has most
expendable no I was rich okay don't you
saying door yeah the last 10 we'll set
that let's see what side down no please
don't shout room why you breathing out
reach a nice boy looks is a very little
kiss just thank you okay if you're okay
yeah I'm ready very much daddy please
cheaper place so badly forget one thing
is down jacket did you cry your sched
inside take my mom do nobody raped how's
the story problem yeah if you're stuck
legends about okay
yeah two thousand right how that work on
a 2,000 most low sorry what's that
they're gonna shorten and then he'll
family good I think used to do he's a
record yep 39 one of your seven
cards with sentence to warn everyone
else is good food in every one direction
only get 30 sinker ball day who are you
on about your last bikini you to us will
never be able to anyone let me know
there were no universe going to publish
our 26 are ya then 31 yeah Wow a fuss to
pomona Andrew tak decoration yeah wait
you went to attack and you ain't half I
think you'll get it
okay and yes Jason so I miss her so
badly oh my god thing I should have to
have any meeting someone cumbersome
hungry sounds like Wally Papp especially
birthday luncheon play no sir c times
roll I'll activate my free ball you can
play some latex know when you're so calm
or someone wrote topical described yeah
oh yeah oh oh I meet the speech oh it
sure beat that my way I get so doesn't
like it so I had something that yeah I
do a beautiful trip back yes I can do
one thing I'd ever seen should go into
so no no no no you back hi Luna okay
sometimes where I these days okay for
cheatin glasses that one okay things to
do stop shooting no oh so you never
normally do it but anyone I never
normally Joe okay fine make your moves
give you a round loss achieve what are
you gonna sit down on them what do you
think so far I don't you this is going
on YouTube just make the move monday
yeah what I'm gonna give me know you're
cheating what also came through it was
searching on a charge of it
have you taken this is just search for
Grandmaster attacker with again so
despite the round loss six times one
anyway